Create ui-c8y-1023-55-5-fix-asset-properties-and-icons-display-issues-in-cockpit-and-device.md (#4394)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-55-5-fix-asset-properties-and-icons-display-issues-in-cockpit-and-device.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed asset properties and icons display issues in Cockpit and Device Management for DTM created assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Asset properties and icons for DTM-created assets now display correctly in Cockpit and Device Management
```

> title: Asset properties and icons for assets created from Digital Twin Manager application now display correctly in Cockpit and Device Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Asset properties and icons for assets created from Digital Twin Manager now display correctly in Cockpit and Device Management
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65170
version: 1023.55.5
---

> When assets were created using Digital Twin Manager, their properties and icons did not display correctly in the **Cockpit** and **Device Management** applications. This caused issues that made it difficult to manage these assets. This fix ensures that asset properties and icons for assets created from Digital Twin Manager now display as expected in both applications, providing a consistent and accurate view of your assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When assets were created using the Digital Twin Manager application, their properties and icons did not display correctly in the Cockpit and Device Management applications. This caused issues that made it difficult to manage these assets. This fix ensures that asset properties and icons for assets created from Digital Twin Manager now display as expected in all applications, providing a consistent and accurate view of your assets.
```

> When assets were created using Digital Twin Manager, their properties and icons did not display correctly in the **Cockpit** and **Device Management** applications. This caused inconsistencies that made it difficult to identify and manage these assets. This fix ensures that asset properties and icons for DTM-created assets now display as expected in both applications, providing a consistent and accurate view of your assets. No action is required after the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When assets were created using Digital Twin Manager, their properties and icons did not display correctly in the Cockpit and Device Management applications. This caused inconsistencies that made it difficult to identify and manage these assets. This fix ensures that asset properties and icons for DTM-created assets now display as expected in both applications, providing a consistent and accurate view of your assets. No action is required after the update.
```
